# The Spread of ChatGPT Has Caused Panic among Educators 
In this document, I discuss two articles about Students’ use of ChatGPT to write essays, write codes, and even pass exams. However, the two authors have contradicting opinions about whether schools should ban ChatGPT and prevent students from accessing such tools to help them with assignments and exams.

## Article 1 
In New York Times’s Alarmed by A.I. Chatbots, Universities Start Revamping How They Teach (https://www.nytimes.com/2023/01/16/technology/chatgpt-artificial-intelligence-universities.html?searchResultPosition=18), Kalley Huang introduces that a professor of philosophy at Northern Michigan University discovered that one of his students utilized ChatGPT to write a paper. Therefore, he decided to revise his courses which asked students to complete a writing assignment during class time. Such preventive methods are also being considered by other educators. For example, professors are transforming online exams into in-person exams and oral tests. In addition, they revised their integrity policy in their course syllabuses, stating that using generative AI tools also counts as plagiarism. On the other hand, schools are striving to develop technologies that can detect AI-generated texts. For example, educators have signed up for GPTZero, which is a tool that can detect any texts that are written by generative AI. Also, high schools have banned access to ChatGPT in school networks and computers.

From my personal experiences, I used to take Intro to Data Science course which consisted of a take-home final. However, one of my friends is taking this course this semester, and the professor had opted for an in-person final because of the rise of ChatGPT, given its ability to write working codes and solve statistical problems. In addition, there are lots of students who share how they’ve used ChatGPT to help them write papers and pass exams on social media platforms such as Reddit and TikTok. From my perspective, there is no such tool that is completely negative, and it all depends on how people are using it. However, for some students, they choose to take a shortcut and let ChatGPT complete their work, which is definitely not an ethical practice and violates integrity and fairness.

## Article 2
In Don’t Ban ChatGPT in Schools. Teach With It(https://www.nytimes.com/2023/01/12/technology/chatgpt-schools-teachers.html?searchResultPosition=16),Kevein Roose argues that although cheating and plagiarism are rampant because of ChatGPT, schools should completely ban ChatGPT. Instead, educators should learn to incorporate ChatGPT into their teaching plans. Firstly, he states that those preventive methods are not effective, because students can always have other ways to access ChatGPT. In addition, although GPTZero allegedly claims that it can detect AI-generated texts, it’s not always accurate. Therefore, Roose suggests that educators should adapt to the appearance of ChatGPT. For example, when teachers are preparing courses, they can consult ChatGPT to explain a complex concept using simple language that an eighth-grader can understand. Therefore, ChatGPT will increase the efficiency of class preparations. Also, another high school teacher asked students to use ChatGPT to create outlines for their writing assignments, and after outlines were generated, he asked students to write essays during class. The teacher stated that this method could deepen students’ understanding of the story, because students needed to teach the machine to generate the outlines that they wanted. 

From my perspective, although the author argues ChatGPT can explain a complex concept in a few words. However, its explanations will omit numerous important details behind the concept, which is likely to cause teachers to give an incomplete understanding of a certain concept. Secondly, the author also states that ChatGPT has potential for educational purposes, but the examples he gave were all based on high-school education settings. Indeed, high school students can complete a writing assignment during class time, because those papers are relatively short. However, universities’ writing assignments are rather long. For example, students often need to write a paper that is 4-6 pages long, which is impossible for them to complete during class time. Also, lectures are precious because professors have to cover many topics in each class. Although Roose has presented many advantages of ChatGPT, there are a few problems that remain unsettled.

